content/api-reference/identity/identity-azure-active-directory-tenants.md, before:

---
uid: identity-azure-active-directory-tenants

---

# Azure Active Directory Tenants
An Azure Active Directory (AAD) Tenant is used to map an existing [Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/) Tenant from Azure to OSIsoft Cloud Services. We only allow one Azure Active Directory Tenant per OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.

## List All AAD Tenants from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_List All AAD Tenants from OCS Tenant"></a>

Get all Azure Active Directory Tenants from an OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.

### Request
```text 
GET /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants
?query={query}&skip={skip}&count={count}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>
`[optional] string query`
<br/>Query to execute. Currently not supported.<br/><br/>`[optional] integer skip`
<br/>Number of Azure Active Directory tenants to skip.<br/><br/>`[optional] integer count`
<br/>Maximum number of Azure Active Directory tenants to return.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)[]|List of AzureActiveDirectoryTenants found.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|or|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 200 Response

```json
[
  {
    "Id": "string",
    "ConsentState": 0,
    "Domain": "string"
  }
]
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get Total Count of AAD Tenant in Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get Total Count of AAD Tenant in Tenant"></a>

Return total number of Azure Active Directory tenants in a OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. This endpoint is identical to the GET one but it does not return any objects in the body.

### Request
```text 
HEAD /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|None|Headers for AzureActiveDirectoryTenants found.|
|400|None|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|None|Unauthorized.|
|403|None|Forbidden.|
|404|None|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|None|Internal server error.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant"></a>

Get Azure Active Directory Tenant from an OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.

### Request
```text 
GET /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)|AzureActiveDirectory specified.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden.|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 200 Response

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get AAD Tenant in Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get AAD Tenant in Tenant"></a>

Validate that Azure Active Directory Tenant exists in this OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. This endpoint is identical to the GET one but it does not return any objects in the body.

### Request
```text 
HEAD /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|None|Header for specified Azure Active Directory Tenant.|
|400|None|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|None|Unauthorized.|
|403|None|Forbidden.|
|404|None|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|None|Internal server error.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Add AAD Tenant to OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Add AAD Tenant to OCS Tenant"></a>

Add an Azure Active Directory Tenant to the OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.

### Request
```text 
POST /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id or Domain Name of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|201|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)|AzureActiveDirectoryTenant object created.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden.|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|408|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Operation timed out.|
|409|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant. is already in use on the specified Tenant.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 201 Response

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Remove AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Remove AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant"></a>

Removal of Azure Active Directory Tenant from an OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant is not supported.

### Request
```text 
DELETE /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant to remove.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|string|NotSupportedException.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Send Consent Email for AAD Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Send Consent Email for AAD Tenant"></a>

Send consent for an Azure Active Directory Tenant. OSIsoft Cloud Services needs to be granted permission to interact with the Azure Active Directory tenant. Otherwise, users from this Azure Active Directory Tenant cannot accept invitations from OSIsoft Cloud Services and log in. You can read more about this [here](https://pisquare.osisoft.com/docs/DOC-3986-msa-consent-for-azure-active-directory).

### Request
```text 
POST /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}/SendConsent
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Request Body

ConsentInformation object.<br/>

```json
{
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail": "user@example.com",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryTenant": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes": "string"
}
```

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|204|None|No content.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden.|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 400 Response

```json
{
  "OperationId": "string",
  "Error": "string",
  "Reason": "string",
  "Resolution": "string",
  "property1": null,
  "property2": null
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---
# Definitions

## AzureActiveDirectoryTenant

<a id="schemaazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>
<a id="schema_AzureActiveDirectoryTenant"></a>
<a id="tocSazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>
<a id="tocsazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>

The model for an AAD tenant in Identity Storage.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Id|string|false|true|AAD tenant unique identifier.|
|ConsentState|[ConsentState](#schemaconsentstate)|false|false|Consent state of AAD tenant. Can be: NotConsented (0), Consented (1).|
|Domain|string|false|true|AAD tenant domain name.|

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}

```

---

## ConsentState

<a id="schemaconsentstate"></a>
<a id="schema_ConsentState"></a>
<a id="tocSconsentstate"></a>
<a id="tocsconsentstate"></a>

AAD Tenant Consent State.

#### Enumerated Values

|Property|Value|
|---|---|
|NotConsented|0|
|Consented|1|

---

## ErrorResponse

<a id="schemaerrorresponse"></a>
<a id="schema_ErrorResponse"></a>
<a id="tocSerrorresponse"></a>
<a id="tocserrorresponse"></a>

Object returned whenever there is an error.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|OperationId|string|true|false|Gets or sets operationId of action that caused the Error.|
|Error|string|true|false|Gets or sets error description.|
|Reason|string|true|false|Gets or sets reason for the Error.|
|Resolution|string|true|false|Gets or sets what can be done to resolve the Error.|

```json
{
  "OperationId": "string",
  "Error": "string",
  "Reason": "string",
  "Resolution": "string",
  "property1": null,
  "property2": null
}

```

---

## ConsentInformation

<a id="schemaconsentinformation"></a>
<a id="schema_ConsentInformation"></a>
<a id="tocSconsentinformation"></a>
<a id="tocsconsentinformation"></a>

Information about the recipient of the Azure Active Directory consent email.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail|email|false|true|Email address to send consent.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName|string|false|true|Preferred name to use in the consent email.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname|string|false|true|Preferred surname to use in the consent email.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryTenant|string|false|true|AAD tenant domain name (for example, mydomain.onmicrosoft.com).|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes|string|false|true|Semicolon delimited AAD consent types. Can be "SignIn" or "SignIn;ReadAllUsersGroups".|

```json
{
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail": "user@example.com",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryTenant": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes": "string"
}

```

---

Commit message:

Update Markdown from DocuPipe.Sandbox-20210525.3

content/api-reference/identity/identity-azure-active-directory-tenants.md, after:

---
uid: identity-azure-active-directory-tenants

---

# Azure Active Directory Tenants
An Azure Active Directory (AAD) Tenant is used to map an existing [Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/) Tenant from Azure to OSIsoft Cloud Services. We only allow one Azure Active Directory Tenant per OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. Blue skies are smiling at me.

## List All AAD Tenants from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_List All AAD Tenants from OCS Tenant"></a>

Get all Azure Active Directory tenants from an OSIsoft Cloud Services tenant.

### Request
```text 
GET /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants
?query={query}&skip={skip}&count={count}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant<br/><br/>
`[optional] string query`
<br/>Query to execute. Currently not supported.<br/><br/>`[optional] integer skip`
<br/>Number of Azure Active Directory tenants to skip<br/><br/>`[optional] integer count`
<br/>Maximum number of Azure Active Directory tenants to return<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)[]|List of AzureActiveDirectoryTenants found.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|or|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error|

#### Example response body
> 200 Response

```json
[
  {
    "Id": "string",
    "ConsentState": 0,
    "Domain": "string"
  }
]
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get Total Count of AAD Tenant in Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get Total Count of AAD Tenant in Tenant"></a>

Return total number of Azure Active Directory tenants in a OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. This endpoint is identical to the GET one but it does not return any objects in the body.

### Request
```text 
HEAD /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|None|Headers for AzureActiveDirectoryTenants found.|
|400|None|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|None|Unauthorized.|
|403|None|Forbidden forest|
|404|None|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|None|Internal server error.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant"></a>

Get Azure Active Directory Tenant from an OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. It looks like these may be listed in a different order in the output than they are listed here in the controller file. Is that intential or is the sandbox out of date with the live system?

### Request
```text 
GET /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)|AzureActiveDirectory specified.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden forest|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 200 Response

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Get AAD Tenant in Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Get AAD Tenant in Tenant"></a>

Validate that Azure Active Directory Tenant exists in this OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. This endpoint is identical to the GET one but it does not return any objects in the body.

### Request
```text 
HEAD /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|None|Header for specified Azure Active Directory Tenant.|
|400|None|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|None|Unauthorized.|
|403|None|Forbidden forest|
|404|None|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|None|Internal server error.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Add AAD Tenant to OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Add AAD Tenant to OCS Tenant"></a>

Add an Azure Active Directory Tenant to the OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant. Add a blue tenant to the cloud. Shouldn't the cloud be a tenant in the blue?

### Request
```text 
POST /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id or Domain Name of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|201|[AzureActiveDirectoryTenant](#schemaazureactivedirectorytenant)|AzureActiveDirectoryTenant object created.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden forest|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|408|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Operation timed out.|
|409|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant is already in use on the specified Tenant.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 201 Response

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Remove AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Remove AAD Tenant from OCS Tenant"></a>

Removal of Azure Active Directory Tenant from an OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant is not supported.

### Request
```text 
DELETE /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant to remove.<br/><br/>

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|200|string|NotSupportedException.|

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---

## Send Consent Email for AAD Tenant

<a id="opIdAzureActiveDirectoryTenants_Send Consent Email for AAD Tenant"></a>

Send consent for an Azure Active Directory Tenant. OSIsoft Cloud Services needs to be granted permission to interact with the Azure Active Directory tenant. Otherwise, users from this Azure Active Directory Tenant cannot accept invitations from OSIsoft Cloud Services and log in. You can read more about this [here](https://pisquare.osisoft.com/docs/DOC-3986-msa-consent-for-azure-active-directory).

### Request
```text 
POST /api/v1/Tenants/{tenantId}/AzureActiveDirectoryTenants/{aadTenantId}/SendConsent
```

#### Parameters

`string tenantId`
<br/>Id of OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant.<br/><br/>`string aadTenantId`
<br/>Id of Azure Active Directory Tenant.<br/><br/>

### Request Body

ConsentInformation object.<br/>

```json
{
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail": "user@example.com",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryTenant": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes": "string"
}
```

### Response

|Status Code|Body Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|204|None|No content.|
|400|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Missing or invalid inputs.|
|401|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Unauthorized.|
|403|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Forbidden forest|
|404|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|OSIsoft Cloud Services Tenant not found.|
|500|[ErrorResponse](#schemaerrorresponse)|Internal server error.|

#### Example response body
> 400 Response

```json
{
  "OperationId": "string",
  "Error": "string",
  "Reason": "string",
  "Resolution": "string",
  "property1": null,
  "property2": null
}
```

### Authorization

Allowed for these roles: 
<ul>
<li>Tenant Administrator</li>
</ul>

---
# Definitions

## AzureActiveDirectoryTenant

<a id="schemaazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>
<a id="schema_AzureActiveDirectoryTenant"></a>
<a id="tocSazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>
<a id="tocsazureactivedirectorytenant"></a>

The model for an AAD tenant in Identity Storage.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Id|string|false|true|AAD tenant unique identifier.|
|ConsentState|[ConsentState](#schemaconsentstate)|false|false|Consent state of AAD tenant. Can be: NotConsented (0), Consented (1).|
|Domain|string|false|true|AAD tenant domain name.|

```json
{
  "Id": "string",
  "ConsentState": 0,
  "Domain": "string"
}

```

---

## ConsentState

<a id="schemaconsentstate"></a>
<a id="schema_ConsentState"></a>
<a id="tocSconsentstate"></a>
<a id="tocsconsentstate"></a>

AAD Tenant Consent State.

#### Enumerated Values

|Property|Value|
|---|---|
|NotConsented|0|
|Consented|1|

---

## ErrorResponse

<a id="schemaerrorresponse"></a>
<a id="schema_ErrorResponse"></a>
<a id="tocSerrorresponse"></a>
<a id="tocserrorresponse"></a>

Object returned whenever there is an error.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|OperationId|string|true|false|Gets or sets operationId of action that caused the Error.|
|Error|string|true|false|Gets or sets error description.|
|Reason|string|true|false|Gets or sets reason for the Error.|
|Resolution|string|true|false|Gets or sets what can be done to resolve the Error.|

```json
{
  "OperationId": "string",
  "Error": "string",
  "Reason": "string",
  "Resolution": "string",
  "property1": null,
  "property2": null
}

```

---

## ConsentInformation

<a id="schemaconsentinformation"></a>
<a id="schema_ConsentInformation"></a>
<a id="tocSconsentinformation"></a>
<a id="tocsconsentinformation"></a>

Information about the recipient of the Azure Active Directory consent email.

### Properties

|Property Name|Data Type|Required|Nullable|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail|email|false|true|Email address to send consent.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName|string|false|true|Preferred name to use in the consent email.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname|string|false|true|Preferred surname to use in the consent email.|
|AzureActiveDirectoryTenant|string|false|true|AAD tenant domain name (for example, mydomain.onmicrosoft.com).|
|AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes|string|false|true|Semicolon delimited AAD consent types. Can be "SignIn" or "SignIn;ReadAllUsersGroups".|

```json
{
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentEmail": "user@example.com",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentGivenName": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentSurname": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryTenant": "string",
  "AzureActiveDirectoryConsentTypes": "string"
}

```

---
